CacheableFlash
==============

Note: This fork (http://github.com/up_the_irons/cacheable-flash/tree/master) of 
cacheable-flash aims to be a drop-in replacement for the original cacheable-flash
(by Pivotal) but uses JQuery instead of Prototype.

== Installation
ruby script/plugin install git://github.com/up_the_irons/cacheable-flash.git

== Description

This plugin enables greater levels of page caching by rendering flash
messages from a cookie using JavaScript, instead of in your Rails
view template.  Flash contents are converted to JSON and placed in
a cookie by an after_filter in a controller.

=== Usage

To use, include the CacheableFlash module in your controller.
It's all or none on the actions in your controller, so you can't
mix JS and HTML display of your flash message in a controller.
No other modifications to the controller are needed.  You will need
to add divs and some javascript to your view or layout templates
to render the flash in the browser.

Note that the cookie holding the flash messages is removed as the
page is displayed, so a refresh will clear the flash message (just
as happens normally).

=== Example Controller

class MyController < ActionController::Base
  include CacheableFlash
  # ...
end

=== Example Template Markup

  <div id="error_div_id" class="flash flash_error" display="none" ></div>
  <div id="notice_div_id" class="flash flash_notice" display="none"></div>
  <script type="text/javascript">
    Flash.transferFromCookies();
    Flash.writeDataTo('error', $('#error_div_id'));
    Flash.writeDataTo('notice', $('#notice_div_id'));
  </script>


